enhance the note about remove ptf capability (#2101)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/ptfs.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> Removing PTFs requires a special version of libzypp/zypper to be installed on the client system.
> Check ``zypper --help`` if the command ``removeptf`` is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing PTFs requires a special version of [literal]``libzypp`` and [literal]``zypper`` to be installed on the client system.
Check [command]``zypper --help`` whether [command]``removeptf`` is supported.
```
Evenif technically correct, I think there is no need to mention `libzypp` here.
